=2016-02-21=

== Treatments == 

== Summary: 2016-02-21 13:23:05 ==

The ID problem summary: 
1. If we are only interested in network effect, treatment with only names should
   be fine. 
2. If we wants to know more about photo effect, we can use a factorial design.

Nevertheless, we can go with name-only as the single treatment;


=== Factorial design (give up on this) : 2016-02-21 13:16:11 ===

* Names;
* Photos
* (Names with Photo)

* Friends;
* Strangers

== Cost of chatting/negotiation ==

We may well leave the chatting channel "free" for users in the experiment, and
apply different accounting scheme in the analysis phase. To be more precise, we
may then measure the cost in two ways: 1) accounting for all conversations, line
by line; or 2) truncate all the "effective" negotiations before the final deal
is sealed.

==> Solution: to end the chat right after a deal is sealed by two parties. Then,
the time will serve as a good proxy of cost.

= (Picked) Simplest Case =

Treatment: name among friends;

Market capacity: each buyer and seller has only one 



= (Not pursued) Consider the multiple-item trading scheme =

== Theory ==

Use the number of sold-items as a proxy of "ranking of tie-strength"?

In order to see such trading patterns, may need to pay for surpluses in a
deterministic way.

Multiple-item trading in a probabilistically way, may convolute the picture with
further requirement to capture risk-preferences of individuals.
